# activity 5.2

Mobile, Smart watches, AR Glasses, and VR headsets are all relatively new devices in which user interface needs to be considered and would differ greatly from standard computer interface design.

Mobile devices and also smart watches are considerably smaller than computers, so obviously design needs to take that into account and display all their elements in an easily accessible way. With smart watches especially, you would only really have room on the screen for a few things, like one icon at a time or a list of menu objects not unlike old MP3 players used to have. It would be fairly easy to accomodate that, just have the watch be able to swipe to change through icons for the functions they want to perform. With mobile it's somewhat easier as the screen isn't as small as a watch but still, it needs to be laid out according to its size and so everything is still easy to read and use.

AR and VR are completely different technologies, and although one of these is not yet widespread, there are still some of these out there at the moment. Augmented reality glasses, are something you just put on your head and it'll display new information over everything you see in the world. As far as I can recall, the technology is mostly medical/military at the moment but I have definitely seen a few examples where it is used by the public for things like location and maps, directions, temperature, date, even overlays of constellations when you look at the stars. As such - they would require a non invasie interface, so as not to block your vision in anyway, rather it would need to complement it.  
With VR, again it is different, since youre putting on a big headset, usually it's used with games, so you have a 360 degree field of view in the game that youre in, and you move your head and it turns around in game as well. The interface for this varies according to what you're using it with, but again you need to be aware of scale when placing menus and other elements.

