# activity 6.3

The importance of knowing your audience is a big factor in how you should develop your website. If you know your audience you're aware of what they like or dislike, and what content they would like to see, and how the interact with your site. Therefore you can cater to their needs and create something you know they'll love, which will keep them on your site and possibly increase revenue for your company as a result.

On the internet, people's attention span is generally a lot smaller than usual. This is because websites, apps on our phone, emails, etc are constantly demanding our attention and wanting us to do things like comment or share or visit or do this or that. We don't have the time or focus to spend on content that we have no interest in, so the content that we do read must need to stand out, and most people are reading to find out some specific bit of information, so when they skim over articles or search results, they're looking for particular keywords, relative to their needs. Understanding this form of reading is also important in making sure that the content you are creating will stand out for people. That it's not too long and has unnecessary information, that its short and bold and straight to the point.

The inverted pyramid model of writing, presents the most important information first. So the user will have their attention successfuly grabbed, and continue to read on the more bulkier information below. A clickbait article is a good example of this, although regular writing following the model wouldn't just be cheap and as overdramatic as a clickbait. Needless to say it is also relatively important to attract a user's attention to your writing.

As I mentioned before, people's attention spans when surfing the web are drastically shortened. So keeping content short and simple, makes it more likely to be read by someone. As its plain to see by asking yourself what you would do when faced with a giant wall of text, do you have time to try and read through this massive word vomit, or would you rather read only a short paragraph of the same thing? This is also how the term TLDR; came into existence. On websites such as reddit or any other forums, users would realize at the end of their post that they'd simply written too much and people were not likely to bother reading the whole thing, leading them to create a TLDR at the top, which is short for Too Long, Didnt Read \(a reference to the comments they would usually get as a reply\) where they simply their post into a short statement that contains their point.

Content chunking is breaking up your information into much smaller pieces, making it simple for the user with no focus and low short-term memory, to process. I would say its not as important on websites to do, as long as you just keep your content short and simple that should be enough. I feel as if content chunking is more important for stuff like breaking up a series of videos into chapters of different content.

Im not sure how important using the active voice in writing could be. I looked at examples between active and passive voies and it just seemed like grammatical preciseness. As a general user of the internet, I could not care less about the way something is written like that. I'm looking for the actual content, it doesn't matter to me whether the writing is describing someone taking action in real time. However I could understand that it may be easier for someone who isnt a native english speaker, for example, to read the much simpler active voice over passive.

For the importance of context of your content, I had to read up a little to find out what that actually meant. I found a great example from one article, talking about technical writing. it stated people are probably going to look at technical manuals or online guides when theyve exhausted all other manuals and are feeling extremely frustrated, so you when you consider that context that the reader is visiting your site in a frustrated state of mind, you want to be clear, straight to the point, not trying to be funny or mess around with introductions or other pointless aspects. when extended to an example of a website such as a mechanic or an electricians website, people are only going to be browsing your site if they have a problem and depending on the urgency, they don't have time to filter through useless things in order to get what they want which would be contact information or booking or some such. So if you are designing a website for a purpose like that, it is important to consider. Planning out user scenarios in the development stage could also help with this.

Editing and proofreading, is quite a biggie. When maintaining a professional website you really would not want to have any typos or things not working the way they should. It's not the end of the world but it does attribute to your image as a professional and peoples views of your company. If you went to a site and it was filled with typos everywhere you looked, would you be impressed with it and take it seriously? I think not.

